Privacy Policy


What Information We Collect
When you sign up on our registration page, we collect a username, password, and email address. We also collect a security question and answer for password recovery. Optionally, we collect your first and last name. Once you're registered and using the site regularly, we collect many health measurements that you enter on a daily basis like your mood, anxiety, irritability, sleep hours, etc. Our forum lets you publicly disclose any information you voluntarily provide. Our contact page lets you provide your email address and other diverse information that you wish to give to us in order to respond to your questions or comments.

This site uses Cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information that are sent back and forth between our website and your computing device to distinguish you from other users. We use cookies to simplify the process of establishing a session when you log into your account. As long as you are logged in and interacting with the site, a cookie is being sent back and forth to your computer.


How We Use Your Information
The information we collect is used to identify you as a user of the website and to organize it and present it back to you. For example when you enter your daily health measurements, we use that information to create your charts. We also use your information to contact you when you request assistance or to inform you of events or changes on the site.

We provide the ability for you to share information with other individuals through our Wellness Team feature. When your account is linked to a Wellness Team member's account, the user who is associated with that Wellness Team member account is able to view your data. Journal entries can be marked private. Doing this will prevent Wellness Team members from viewing your private journal entries. You have the ability to revoke this access at any time.

We may disclose your information in aggregate form to third parties. When this is done, no personally identifying information is ever disclosed. For example 3rd parties may want to know the number of site visitors or page views within a given period of time. This aggregate information may be disclosed to other users of the site or to current or potential business partners. Again, no personally identifying information is ever disclosed.

When you post information to the public forum, you have the ability to voluntarily disclose personally identifying information. This means that other site visitors and registered users of the site can view the information you provide. We recommend that you DON'T disclose personally identifying information on the public forum. These site visitors and registered users can also be termed third parties. When you register, you may optionally provide your first and last name. If you register and plan to use our Wellness Team feature, your name is used to make it easy for your Wellness Team to identify you. Your name is also displayed on the printable chart pages. You may choose to leave your first and last name blank.

If Mood Tracker Web Media, LLC is sold or acquired by a third party, that third party will abide by this privacy policy.


Children
Our site is designed for people who are at least 13 years old and older. We do not knowingly collect personally identifying information from children under the age of 13. Users are never identified by age unless they voluntarily reveal it through the public forum. The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) prohibits us from knowingly collecting personally identifying information from children under the age of 13. However, a provision in the act does allow children to use the site if parents or legal guardians follow the steps below:

Sign up for an account on behalf of your child.

Post a paper letter to us specifying the following items:


You grant your child permission to use MoodTracker.com.

You tell us the username you signed up for in step 1.

You sign your name on the letter.

You include your email address so we can let you know when your child can start using his or her MoodTracker.com account.


Please contact us to obtain our mailing address.

After we receive your letter, we will apply child safeguards to your child's account. These safeguards protect your child from interacting with other users via our Forum and Wellness Team features.

We will notify you via the email address provided in your letter that the safeguards are active. When you receive this email notice, it is OK to allow your child to use the site.



Your Privacy Options
You can review and modify your personally identifying information using features provided in the site (i.e. you may edit your own forum postings and you may edit your account details through the Settings Screen). You can use alias information to protect your identity if you wish. You may request to opt-out of the site by contacting us via our contact form. "Opting-Out" means that you will be removed from all future e-mailings and you will not be contacted.


Changes to this Privacy Policy
On occasion we may need to make changes to this policy to adapt it to changes in the way we accept and use your information. We may also need to make policy changes to comply with current laws or regulations. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time.